( announcer )
Previously on "Yu-Gi-Oh"
I'm Leichter,
and I'll be controlling
this body for the
remainder of the duel.
Get ready, boys!
( Téa )
I can't believe The Big Five
are all in Tristan's body.
Those business geeks are sharing
me like I'm a Corporate Condo!
Your life points are
wide open!
Dark Magician Girl,
attack him directly!
The time has arrived to reap
the benefits of my magic card!
Now he can summon almost
any monster he wants!
In my hands, I hold the Big
Five's most powerful creature!
( laughing )
♪
♪ Your move ♪
♪ Yu-Gi-Oh is king of games ♪
♪
♪ It's time to duel ♪
♪ Yu-Gi-Oh ♪
This doesn't look
good, guys!
( Leichter )
It's time for me to do what
my associates couldn't,
defeat you two so we can
all escape!
You couldn't begin to imagine
what monster lurks in my deck.
Tell me!
Oh, you'll find out.
I'm about to summon it.
Thanks to my Altar of Mist,
I can add any ritual
magic card I want to my hand,
and I choose this!
Dragon Revival Ritual!
This card allows
me to summon
my all-powerful
Five-Headed Dragon!
That's not true!
Very perceptive.
I must also have five monsters,
each with a different attribute.
Well, I may
be missing something,
but I only see
one monster on your side!
Correct.
You are missing
something, Mr. Wheeler.
Jinzo isn't my only
Deck Master, remember?
And what do mean
by that, Leichter?
The other members
of the Big Five!
That's right!
Their
monsters count, too!
Cause all five 'a dose creeps
are using Tristan's body!
And each one of them has their
own Deck Master, right?
Yeah, but that doesn't
seem fair at all...
Look, these guys'll
do anything to win.
Who said they
were fair?
My five Deck Masters,
come forth!
I call you all
to the field!
First, the unstoppable
Jinzo!
Then I summon the almighty
Deepsea Warrior!
Followed by the cunning
Nightmare Penguin!
Next I'll call
Judge Man to the stand!
And finally I'll summon the
superior Robotic Knight!
Now listen to me,
my five Deck Masters!
I command all of you
to join together
to form a creature
of unparalleled
strength and
supreme power!
Behold the ultimate monster,
my Five Headed Dragon!
We've faced this
beast before!
I know!
How could I forget?
It was the last time
we fought these Cyber Creeps!
That Super Dragon took out my
monster, and me with it!
Yugi, so long
Joey, no!
You can't leave us!
We've lost him.
Joey!
He's left us!
( Joey )
Let's just hope my luck is
better den it was last time!
( Yumi )
Well, the good news
is Leichter's Dragon
can't attack until
his next turn.
That's a relief
We have one turn
to stop it!
Hold on!
I forgot
to mention...
My dragon destroys
every one of your magic,
trap and monster cards
as soon as it's summoned!
( Yumi )
Oh no!
Look, Leichter...
We got plenty of monsters in our
decks, and it's our move!
There's one more thing
you should know.
It's immune to almost
all attacks!
It cannot be damaged by,
Fire, Water,
Earth, Wind,
or Darkness!
Oh no!
That leaves only one type of
monster, creatures of light!
It seems to me that
your chances of rescuing
Tristan just got
even slimmer!
And I think you all
know what that means.
It means four more of you
will soon join him as part
of the Big Five's newest
corporate takeover!
And just to make sure no one
interferes with our plan,
I place this card facedown.
Good luck, gentlemen.
Now use your
last turn wisely!
What am I supposed
to do?
It's got 5,000 attack
points and only one
kind of monster
can beat it.
Any ideas, Yugi?
We can do this Joey.
Trust your Deck Master.
Yeah...
My Deck Master.
( Joey )
My Flame Swordsman
stood by me in my
last duel and guided
me to victory.
Here we go!
Come on...
I was hoping for
a monster card.
All right!
You'll never get me and my
friends, got that, Leichter?
First, I'll place these three
cards face down on the field.
Swordsman, it's all
you out there now.
I call my Deck Master
to the field!
All right, Yuge.
It's risky but I know
we can do this together.
That's all for me!
Good work, Joey.
I know what I have
to do.
( Yugi )
I just hope it works!
It's my move!
Here goes!
( Yugi )
I may need this
in a little while.
Now I call my Deck Master
to the field!
Dark Magician!
Whoa!
Yugi and Joey both called their
Deck Masters to the field!
Isn't that dangerous?
If those monsters are
destroyed they lose!
Yeah, but since they have no
other monsters on the field,
that five-headed freak
would have
smashed them
to smithereens anyway!
You've made
this too easy.
Your Deck Masters
can't touch my dragon.
And the best part is, once
I destroy them,
you two lose and
your bodies are ours!
Hang in there.
I'm here for ya.
This duel's not over,
Leichter, and it's our move.
We'll show you what real
teamwork can do!
( Leichter )
Very touching, but I'd say five
heads are much better than two!
( Leichter )
How do you plan
to defeat our dragon?
The same way I did the
first time we fought it!
You can't!
That won't work now!
Last time you summoned Master
of Dragon Soldier!
It's true.
You can't play Master of Dragon.
You don't have the cards you
need to summon it to the field!
Yes, but I can summon a monster
that's just as powerful...
by combining our two Deck
Masters together
in order to form
Dark Flare Knight!
Take a good look,
Big Five!
This is the monster that will
bring about your destruction
and return
Tristan to us!
You challenge our
Dragon with that?
Yes, Dark Flare Knight is a
combination of our Deck Masters.
Just as your Dragon
is a combination of yours,
and Joey and I have
faith in our Deck Masters!
You fool!
That new monster of yours
is a creature of darkness
and our Five Headed
Dragon can only be beaten
by a creature of light.
We'll see.
Yes, we will!
Yugi's monster is so much
weaker than their dragon.
If he attacks,
it's gone!
Plus, it's their
Deck Master.
So if it's destroyed,
they lose the duel!
( Joey )
Oh, man...
I hope Yugi knows what
he's doing out there.
This move is our
last chance!
Dark Flare Knight,
prepare to attack now!
Your target is their
Five Headed Dragon.
Take him down,
my beast!
What's this?
How can you two
still be standing?
We're unharmed because of Dark
Flare Knight's special effects!
First it prevents me from losing
life points when it's destroyed.
But that's not all it does,
Leichter!
Our Deck Masters are gone,
but notice that Joey and I are
still in this duel!
No!
I'm afraid so.
Thanks to Dark Flare Knight's
second effect.
Whenever that
card's destroyed...
Mirage Knight is then summoned
to take its place!
That's your
new Deck Master?
Nice try, Yugi, but this
knight's too weak also.
So why did you go through
all of this trouble
just to bring
that to the field?
Unless Mirage Knight has
a special effect as well!
You're beginning
to catch on, Leichter.
Now Mirage Knight, attack
his dragon!
He may look weak...
However, first impressions
can be deceiving!
So observe
closely now, Leichter.
The special ability of our
Mirage Knight
is about
to seal our victory!
You see, it is able
to absorb
all of the attack
points of the opposing monster,
giving our monster 5,000
extra attack points!
What?
Oh no!
Now it's more powerful
than our dragon!
And there's one more thing
you may want to know...
Mirage Knight
is a creature of Light,
and you know what that
means, Leichter!
It's exactly
the kind of monster I need
to destroy your dragon!
And once it's wiped out,
this duel will finally be over!
Your Deck Master
is now gone!
And since my Mirage Knight
had 7,800 attack points,
your life points
are gone!
This duel's done!
That's funny,
I don't feel like a loser.
Oh no!
His life points didn't
drop to zero!
That attack
shoulda wiped 'em out!
Explain yourself,
tough guy!
( laughing )
Did you forget about the face
down card I played earlier?
It's known as
A Deal With Dark Ruler!
What?
Huh?
( Yumi )
I should have known!
Oh, well.
This trap card prevented
me from receiving any damage
when your knight
destroyed my dragon.
All I had to do was give
up half of my life points,
a business decision that was
well worth it in the end,
wouldn't you agree?
But you
should still lose
'cause your Deck Master's
gone.
That would have been
the case
had it not
been for the second effect
of my Dark Ruler trap card,
Mr. Wheeler.
It summons Berserk
Dragon as my Deck Master!
( Leichter )
Looks like your big plan
didn't work, boys.
Hey Yuge, what happened
to our Mirage Knight?
It's gone now!
Mirage Knight only stays
in play for one attack, Joey,
then it splits into
the two original
monsters that were
used to summon it.
Oh man!
Now there's no way they
can stop the Big Five's Dragon,
'cause that over-sized
freak show is way
stronger than either
of their Deck Masters!
And when their
Deck Masters go,
so do they!
No, it can't be!
Please don't let them
destroy your Deck Masters!
Don't worry about
a thing, Serenity,
'cause Yugi's turn's
not over yet!
You can do this!
All right, Leichter!
Now I activate
Magical Hats!
So you'll have to find
my Deck Master to destroy it!
And next, I shall activate my
Deck Master's Special Ability!
I'll spend 1,000
life points,
which allows
my Dark Magician to duplicate
the effect of any magic card
on the field!
And I choose
Magical Hats, which hides
Joey's Deck Master
as well!
Thanks, Yuge!
Now let's hope these geezers
aren't good at hide and seek.
We'll see.
The rest
is up to fate, Joey.
Let's hope for
the best.
I'm not too worried.
He's got a one
in four chance.
Well I'd have
to disagree, Mr. Wheeler.
Your math's a bit off.
The odds are slightly
more in my favor.
And now it's time!
My move!
I'll save this.
Now, where were we?
Ah yes, your
little hat trick.
A nice attempt,
but since my new dragon can
attack four monsters
at the same time,
your hats won't work.
Whoa!
That means he
can't miss!
One of us is
about to lose...
So Yugi hid each
monster in four hats
and this dragon
can attack four hats at once?
Now I get it!
This guy is making
sure he hits his target!
So this is it?
I'm afraid so...
One of us is about
to lose his Deck Master.
Oh, yeah?
I don't think so!
Maybe Joey's got
an idea!
Or maybe he's
just lost his mind.
( laughing )
Prepare to lose
it all, Wheeler.
Hold on...
I think I'll target
Yugi first.
Attack Berserk Dragon!
It's impolite to wear hats
in a place of business,
so destroy
all four of Yugi's
hats along with his
Deck Master!
( Yugi )
I tried my best, Tristan.
( Joey )
Don't give up, Yugi.
It's my turn to
save you!
Flame Swordsman, protect
Yugi with your life!
No!
What are
you doing, Joey?
If his Deck Master's
destroyed, he loses!
Stop, Joey!
( Leichter )
Now both of your
Deck Masters are gone!
No!
I win the duel!
You there, Joey?
( all )
It's Joey!
He's okay!
But how?
The Dark Magician
survived!
And so did
the Flame Swordsman!
Cheaters!
How can your Deck Masters
be standing?
Take a look, Leichter!
I used my trusty
Silver Dollar Trap Card!
Explain yourself.
All right.
First I saved Yugi's
Dark Magician
by forcing
my Flame Swordsman
to take the brunt of
your attack!
Then my trap card kicked
in and saved my Swordsman.
That card only saves
weak monsters!
Of course!
Joey weakened his Swordsman
when he used its special
ability to power
up his Rocket Warrior!
So when Leichter's Dragon
attacked,
Joey's Silver
Dollar trap card saved
his already weak
Swordsman!
That was an
excellent move, Joey.
You managed to save
us both.
Well
You would have
done the same thing.
So, what do you think
about that?
Look kid!
I'm not through with you
by a long shot,
and neither is my dragon,
so prepare to lose
your bodies!
My Dragon gets weaker
with every turn!
Joey, did you
see that?
You bet!
His dragon just
lost attack points!
Just in time
for my turn!
Check out this move,
Leichter!
Reveal my facedown
card!
Knight's title!
Now I'll add this magic card
to Yugi's Deck Master!
It transforms Dark Magician
into Dark Magician Knight!
Now thanks to my
Deck Master's special power,
I can transfer most of its
attack points to Yugi's!
Since this power
only works on warriors,
I had to transform
Dark Magician first!
3,200 attack points?
That makes it stronger
than my Berserk Dragon!
That should do
the trick.
Now, why don't you
do the honors Yugi?
With pleasure, Joey.
I end my turn.
We make a great
team, Joey.
Together you and I are about
to topple the Big Five.
( Leichter )
I demand an explanation,
Johnson.
You said Wheeler
would hold Yugi back!
Instead, he's the reason
why they're ahead of us!
( Johnson )
Well, don't look at me!
You five are done!
My move!
And now...
Dark Magician Knight,
attack their
Berserk Dragon with Sword
of Dark Magic Attack!
Carrying with him
the combined strength
of both of our
Deck Masters,
our Knight cannot
be stopped!
There goes your
Deck Master!
That means all five of you
automatically lose this duel.
Now return Tristan's body as you
promised and run back to Noah.
We've all had
enough of you!
It was a pleasure doing
business with you, gentlemen.
Yugi and Joey crushed
those five creeps!
I knew they would!
Way to go, guys!
Hey, Tristan...
I guess your days of looking
like a chimp are over.
Yeah.
Too bad I can't say the
same for you, Duke.
Well?
Now it's time for you five
to give Tristan his body back.
I'm afraid you've
mistaken me
for someone who
believes in playing fair.
Say what?
All right,
it's go time!
( Leichter )
As you wish!
( Téa )
Oh no!
( Leichter )
Now to take five
more bodies!
Hey, what's going on?
( Nosh )
Breaking my rules
again, are we?
Noah!
You five fools have failed
me for the last time!
What's going on?
What's happening?
They disappeared.
Oh no!
They took Tristan's
body away with them!
I don't believe it.
I'll be stuck in this monkey
suit for the rest of my life!
And I'm feeling more
like a monkey
and less like
me every second.
This stinks!
I'm here for you,
Tristan.
On second thought,
I can learn to live with this.
Master Noah!
The five of you
are pathetic!
Right, Mokuba?
I hired you to defeat
Seto and his friends!
( Gansley )
Give us another
chance!
We'll put them
out of business!
( Noah )
Too late for that,
Gansley!
Please, Noah!
Help us!
We need these bodies
to escape!
We've been stuck
in this virtual
abyss for what
seems like forever!
You can save us.
Give us those bodies
and we'll help
you take over
Kaiba Corp!
( laughs )
You, help me?
I'd be better off with five
baboons than you fools.
It's time for you
to leave, for good!
Is that clear?
Leave for good?
Please reconsider, sir!
As my father would say...
Your work is
unacceptable and
therefore you must
be eliminated now.
( laughing )
I think I'll imprison
each of you
in a different
corner of my world...
Forever!
Now it's time
I challenged Seto personally.
( laughing )
I'll prove once
and for all that
I'm the true heir to
the Kaiba empire!